Train Size   Test Size   Length   Number of Classes   Number of Dimensions   Type
180          180         45       15                  2 (X and Y coord.)     HAR

The LIBRAS Movement Database is part of the UCI archive and was used in [1]. LIBRAS, acronym
of the Portuguese name "Lingua BRAsileira de Sinais", is the oficial brazilian sign language.
The dataset contains 15 classes of 24 instances each, where each class references to a hand
movement type in LIBRAS. The hand movement is represented as a bi-dimensional curve performed
by the hand in a period of time. The curves were obtained from videos of hand movements, with
the Libras performance from 4 different people, during 2 sessions. Each video corresponds to
only one hand movement and has about $7$ seconds. In the video pre-processing, a time
normalization is carried out selecting 45 frames from each video, in according to an uniform
distribution. In each frame, the centroid pixels of the segmented objects (the hand) are found,
which compose the discrete version of the curve F with 45 points. All curves are normalized in
the unitary space. In order to prepare these movements to be analysed by algorithms, we have
carried out a mapping operation, that is, each curve F is mapped in a representation with 90
features, with representing the coordinates of movement. Each instance represents 45 points on
a bi-dimensional space, which can be plotted in an ordered way (from 1 through 45 as the
X co-ordinate) in order to draw the path of the movement.
[1]IAS, D. B.; MADEO, R. C. B.; ROCHA, T.; B?SCARO, H. H.; PERES, S. M.. Hand Movement
Recognition for Brazilian Sign Language: A Study Using Distance-Based Neural Networks.
In: 2009 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks, 2009, Atlanta, GA. Proceedings
of 2009 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks

Source:
https://timeseriesclassification.com/description.php?Dataset=Libras
UEA & UCR Time Series Classification Repository

Best referential accuracy:
????


