Train Size   Test Size   Length   Number of Classes   Number of Dimensions   Type
181          77          900      5                   1                      MOTION

Caenorhabditis elegans is a roundworm commonly used as a model organism in the study of
genetics. The movement of these worms is known to be a useful indicator for understanding
behavioural genetics. Brown {\em et al.} "A dictionary of behavioral motifs reveals clusters
of genes affecting Caenorhabditis elegans locomotion" describe a system for recording the
motion of worms on an agar plate and measuring a range of human-defined features. It has been
shown that the space of shapes Caenorhabditis elegans adopts on an agar plate can be represented
by combinations of four base shapes, or eigenworms. Once the worm outline is extracted, each
frame of worm motion can be captured by four scalars representing the amplitudes along each
dimension when the shape is projected onto the four eigenworms. The data relates to 258 traces
of worms converted into four "eigenworm" series. The eigenworm data are lengths from 17984 to
100674 (sampled at 30 Hz, so from 10 minutes to 1 hour) and in four dimensions (eigwnworm 1 to 4).
There are five classes:N2,goa-1,unc-1,unc-38 and un63. N2 is wildtype (i.e. normal) the other
4 are mutant strains. These datasets are the first dimension only (first eigenworm) The problems
Worms.arff and WormsTwoClass.arff are series of first eigenworm1 averaged down so that all
series are lengths 900 (the single hour long series is discarded). This smoothing is likely to
discard discriminatory information. The Yemini features obtains nearly 100% accuracy, although
we have not independently verified this. we address the problem of classifying individual worms
as wild-type or mutant based on the time series of the first eigenworm, down-sampled to
second-long intervals. We have 257 cases, which we split 70%/30% into a train and test set.
Each series has 900 observations, and each worm is classified as either wild-type (the N2
reference strain - 109 cases) or one of four mutant types:
goa-1 (44 cases); unc-1 (35 cases); unc-38 (45 cases) and unc-63 (25 cases).
The data were extracted from the {\em C. elegans} behavioural database~\cite{wormWeb}.
The formatted classification problems are available from the website associated with this
paper~\cite{tscWeb}.

Source:
https://timeseriesclassification.com/description.php?Dataset=Worms
UEA & UCR Time Series Classification Repository

Best referential accuracy:
73.49% (BOSS)


